hey everyone I'm Molly or mo Mac - and
I'm on the project working group and
gonna give you a quick update on what
our cue to of chaos are that we're
taking on alright so we have kind of
five main objectives in the project
working group first is making sure that
we are spending our efforts supporting
the package managers goal which is
helping make sure that we have
prioritized roadmaps for all of the work
that we're planning to do and keeping
that all updated as our info and
knowledge changes through all of the
research that's happening in the package
managers working group this is also
making sure we disseminate all that
knowledge and we help kind of within
this project advisory capacity to pass
that information around to make sure
that everyone is actively able to
address the pain points needs and use
cases that come up from that working
group finally also wanting to make sure
that we are doing our our job to help
proactively share all the awesome stuff
that's happening in this group with the
rest of the community and making sure
that we help and support in terms of
things like blog posts or tweets or just
generally getting the news out and
making sure that you guys are all
invited and looped in to help us
contribute back to that and give your
feedback and let us know what things
aren't working as expected our next main
objective is around ipfs contributors
and making sure that every one of us and
the wider the whole community is
supported empowered and aligned and and
so this kind of involves both spending
some time with a lot of the contributors
making sure that that they're trained
and they have great trainings and they
spend time together and so organizing a
team week and also making sure that
we're moving faster and kind of
culturally cohesive so we define what it
means to be contributing to the ipfs
project and what sort of culture we want
to push forward and we've also recently
kind of had a few humans on our
community team go off to other endeavors
or continue doing their same endeavors
in slightly different working groups
with slightly different charters and so
we really want to make sure that this is
like well defined and staffed and
so if anyone knows of any awesome humans
who want to come
help us with ipfs community we would
love your help and support finally we
had an awesome kind of end of quarter
update that we shipped as part of our
weekly newsletter for q1 and we want to
make sure we do that again next quarter
because we thought it was awesome and it
you know a great reflection back on all
the whole stuff that we've been doing
over the quarter our third priority is
making sure that IVFs camp is awesome
and increases our community's engagement
and ability to help contribute back and
so we want you on all of you guys to
have a great time with us at ipfs can
and we also want to come out of it with
some great education materials so that
anyone else who's running ipfs meetups
around the world in the future can kind
of reuse these leasing workshops or
documentation and things like that with
all of the other places which we know
that a ton of people have stepped up to
run things like proto school chapters
and other ipfs meetups we want to make
sure that were serving you with all of
the great content that will make those
great we also want to use it to keep in
touch with a lot of our amazing
collaborations and people in the
community who help us and the you know
we also get to learn from them and work
together hopefully that also means that
more of you are joining us and hopefully
make ipfs great and contributing back so
there's crossed on that one
all right item number four is making
sure that all of the people who are kind
of coming to us with awesome new stuff
that they're working on and wanting to
work together that we're doing a better
job of keeping tabs and and tracking
with that so that we can collaborate on
this stuff and surface needs back to all
the various working groups and the stuff
touches so huge thank you to everyone
who does you know work with us and
surface stuff back so that we can make
improvements and then also frequently
help us debug things try out fixes patch
releases things like that you guys are
heroes and we also want to make sure
that you know as those things come up
people who are giving us feedback that
we're kind of collating and surfacing
that around kind of top developer needs
both pain points and opportunities of
things that people are asking for so
that we can be really intentional about
as we take on our quarter-on-quarter
roadmaps and okrs we're really
addressing the needs that people have
for
and finally and this is work around
Metro some reliability first we want to
make sure that I confess is secure and
so we're actually trying to run our very
first security audit I'm starting at the
end of this quarter and so to be beyond
that things might shift a little bit but
the goal of this is to to start getting
feedback from other sources other than
our our own internal kind of looking at
the code trying to make sure that it's
doing the right thing and that can kind
of audit fuzz and make sure that things
are going right and the second care here
is around making sure that we use KPIs
and generally metrics about how well
we're doing we stay in touch with
reality by surfacing some of these
metrics and making sure that working
groups can effectively use them so if
someone is you know trying to do a
project around Doc's we can actually be
tracking stuff like how does that affect
github contributors and servicing back
to them you know they are things working
are things not working so we can make
kind of these real-time observations and
decisions around whether the work that
we're doing is having the success we
want to achieve all right and so that is
the work that we're taking on this
quarter in the project working group and
if anyone wants to get involved feel
free to ping me on github and or we have
a thread and the team management repo
just comment on there if you have other
stuff you can suggest or you want to
participate in any of these awesome
threats Cheers and hopefully I'll see
you around